feat: create GOPHERCON_COMPETITION.md (#151)
gnolang/gnochess: GOPHERCON_COMPETITION.md

# Gno.land Platform Raffle Competition

Welcome to our Gnolang platform raffle, designed to put our platform to the test!
This competition is a unique blend of two main areas:

1. **Chess Mastery (50% of Points)**:
Dive into the strategic world of chess, whether you're a grandmaster or a beginner.
Every game, every win, and every move you make offers you points.

3. **Platform Engagement (50% of Points)**:
Outside the chessboard, we invite you to engage with our blockchain, craft integrations, report bugs, and more.
This segment isn't just for developers; it's for anyone willing to explore and contribute.

Our intent is clear: everyone should have a fair shot at winning.
This isn't just about expertise in one domain; it's about passion, exploration, and collaboration.
While we've worked hard on this, please remember, this is an experimental phase, and there might be hiccups along the way.
We apologize in advance for any bugs you might encounter and truly appreciate your patience and resilience. 

Join us on this adventure! We eagerly await the discussions, feedback, and innovations that will stem from this competition.

## 🔍 Point Breakdown**

> 1. **Chess Games Completion**: 
>    - Earn 100 points for every finished game.
>    - Max limit: 200 games.
>    - Potential Total: 20,000 points.
> 
> 2. **Chess Game Wins**: 
>    - Score an additional 400 points for each win.
>    - Max limit: 50 wins.
>    - Potential Total: 20,000 points.
> 
> 3. **Game Moves**: 
>    - 1 point for each move made.
>    - Max limit: 10,000 moves.
>    - Potential Total: 10,000 points.
> 
> 4. **Workshop Participation**: 
>    - Flat 20,000 points for joining.
> 
> 5. **Blockchain Interactions**: 
>    - Delve deeper with:
>       - Reporting bugs.
>       - Making valuable PRs.
>       - Developing and sharing a custom client on GitHub, listing it on our main repo.
>       - Any significant contribution made in tandem with our staff during GopherCon.
>    - Note: Contributions undergo our staff's review. Get recognized early!
>    - Max limit: Depends on quality and quantity.
>    - Potential Total: Up to 30,000 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Chess Games Completion**: 
   - Earn 100 points for every finished game, or resigned/drawn after 20 full moves (40 turns).
   - Max limit: 50 games.
   - Potential Total: 5,000 points.

2. **Chess Game Wins**: 
   - Score an additional 150 points for each win.
   - Max limit: 10 wins.
   - Potential Total: 1,500 points.

3. **Game Moves**: 
   - 1 point for each move made.
   - Max limit: 1,000 moves.
   - Potential Total: 1,000 points.

4. **Workshop Participation**: 
   - Flat 2,500 points for joining.

5. **Blockchain Interactions**: 
   - Delve deeper with:
      - Reporting bugs.
      - Making valuable PRs.
      - Developing and sharing a custom client on GitHub, listing it on our main repo.
      - Any significant contribution made in tandem with our staff during GopherCon.
   - Note: Contributions undergo our staff's review. Get recognized early!
   - Max limit: Depends on quality and quantity.
   - Potential Total: Up to 5,000 points.
```

## 🎉 The Grand Raffle:

Once the competition concludes, we'll hold the grand raffle.
Your accumulated points determine your chances of winning.

> The more points you have, the higher your chances!

Reviewer: Specify that we'll publish a realm who will get the players from the chess server realm and determine the raffle, pseudorandom, blockchain-verifiable!

> Once the competition concludes, we'll hold the grand raffle.
> Your accumulated points determine your chances of winning.
> The more points you have, the higher your chances!

Author: ```suggestion
Once the competition concludes, we'll conduct the grand raffle.

Here's what you should know:
- **Transparent Process**: We'll publish a realm that retrieves players from the chess server realm.  
- **Pseudorandom Selection**: Winners will be chosen in a pseudorandom manner, ensuring fairness.
- **Blockchain-Verifiable**: The entire raffle process will be verifiable on the blockchain, providing an additional layer of trust and transparency.

Your accumulated points determine your chances of winning.
The more points you have, the higher your chances!
```
